A very disappointing film. The excitement was there from the announcement of Pirates 5: Dead Mean Tell No Tales. That was until I saw the trailers released for the movie. Something was wrong with Jack Sparrow? This wasn't the same great pirate captain that's graced our screens for the first 4 movies. It's as if he'd had a stroke after stranger tides, he's lost some of his accent, has turned into more of an alcoholic than ever(we know he loves rum but come on!) It's like he's a different pirate all together. It's as if Disney have tried to reboot the franchise by starting over but have ruined it completely. Similar love story to Will and Elizabeth in Curse of The Black Pearl but different-ish origins for Henry and Carina. Henry has a father, like Elizabeth did whereas Carina doesn't, like Will but it turns out her father is a pirate like will found out about his father. Salazar is a nice touch to the film but a desperately thought up ''villain'' as you will to continue a story arc with so much potential. So for Salazar to be free, Jack had to give the compass away for the Devils Triangle to crumble. Where as in previous films he had given it away and nothing happened. The Trident of Poseidon was never mentioned at the end of Stranger Tides but the fountain of youth was mentioned at the end of Worlds End. The only real thing that stayed true to the 4 original films was the crew of the Black Pearl, as they've not changed. They're funny, and really go together well with the scenes they're put in. Originally Pirates of The Caribbean was meant to be about Jack Sparrow. But with the first 3 movies he got lost in the real main story that was Elizabeth and Will. Stranger Tides was a nice touch to actually see a Jack Sparrow solo film with Barbosa and familiar pirate company. There is no follow up to Stranger Tides and It's been about 20 years in the film timeline. Jack hasn't aged a day. He didn't even get to use the fountain of youth so they need to explain that one. The story arc they gave Barbosa wasn't too bad but again so many plot holes, especially from the moment he eyes the journal and says he's seen it before. You immediately get alarm bells that Carina is his daughter..... I'm being generous giving it a 3. Disney why have you ruined this franchise!!! Don't go and watch it, you'll waste your money. Might be something for the 'new' generation of kids. But if you're a true fan of the franchise, you'll know that this film is awful. It sucks and it's a massive insult to the previous 4 films. I don't know whether Johnny Depp has lost the ability to play Jack Sparrow, but that's definitely not the Pirate we remember.