As someone who isn't crazy about superhero movies, I can't help but be impressed by Marvel, and just how far their stories and characters have progressed in such a short time. Arguably the best of those characters is Captain America, simply because he's the one character people are most likely to relate to. The Captain isn't a billionaire or a king, and he doesn't have super abilities from another planet, he's just this wholesome, level headed guy, who you can't help but like. In his third feature film, Captain America (Chris Evans) comes into conflict with other members of the Avengers, as following a tragedy, the world governments decide the Avengers shouldn't be free to do whatever they want anymore. Some of them agree, some of them don't, and that's where the split occurs, leading to one of the best fight scenes I have ever seen. When I saw the previews for this film, I couldn't understand why the story wasn't used for an Avengers film. Even while watching it, I noticed that much of the focus isn't solely on Captain America, and I became even more convinced. This film was not a true stand alone like we've seen in the past, and that's because I think it was more of a transitional project than anything else. Clearly it seems as though Marvel is putting Captain America on the shelf for a while and trying to draw our attention to the new Spider-man series, starring Tom Holland. I must admit, I have never really liked Spider-man. I always saw him as bland and weak compared to the rest of the Marvel universe, but Tom Holland changed my mind in this film. He was all personality, in a way that Toby McGuire and Andrew Garfield couldn't even imagine. The charisma this good looking young actor puts out there should be enough to get anyone excited for the new series. As far as this film goes, the story was a bit complicated, and in my opinion there are far too many characters involved for this to be titled Captain America. In that sense I was disappointed, because I love the character, and was looking forward to another feature film about him. On the other hand, amazing new characters were added, a major story line was introduced into the Avengers genre, and I got to see the best action sequence I've ever seen, so while it wasn't what I expected, I still highly recommend seeing this film